---
layout: post
title: Water
date: 2021-1-4
Author: EthelTowne
categories: 
tags: [雜感, my writing]
comments: true
--- 

*爲什麽下筆會這樣艱難？爲什麽做**任何事**都變得這樣艱難？*

###### I

I was kissing water in the shower. I was kissing the water. Water gathered in my cupped hands. It was warm. The surface of the water was a thin line that tickled slightly.

My abdomen aches, and my eyes are swollen from crying. I don’t feel like living, and yet I don’t even have the energy to bring myself to die. I continue to function. I eat, shower, brush my teeth, and sanitise my desk, mobile, and keyboard, like a machine. I once told someone that ‘contrary to popular belief I do not intend to lead the life of a robot’. The irony.

I’m feeling depressed, I know. Now I know. The surface of water was a thin film of warmth. It was soft, and gentle, and kind. It was childhood. My childhood. It was the reminiscence of my childhood spent in the waters, between the waters, and under those waters. Water seemed to be no different than air, but it was. Air was more suffocating.

I kissed the water in my hands. I collected water in my hands and kissed it to recollect my childhood. And for a fleeting moment, it felt as if I’d succeeded, but the water surface was thin.

How eerie it is, that time seems to echo when everything else is still. It echoes like waves or sand. The clock always goes back to its original position. It circles. It repeats itself. It echoes. And yet it also signifies ongoing time. Linear. Infinite. As infinite as the stars when I’m awake. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the echo’s quietness, but it deprives of my desires, so it deprives of my loves, too. I recognise the echo and am reminded of its another name.

###### II

It’s 15:38, and I only just got out of bed. I woke up at around 5:30 this morning without having set the alarm. I thought it was Sunday, which is ridiculous because I now recall very clearly it was ‘Sonntag’ that I’d written down on the previous page of my journal. I lay on my bed and read with my phone. Hours later, after sunrise, when warm light poured into the room, I pulled myself up without changing and made breakfast in my pyjamas. I didn’t do the dishes afterwards because I didn’t want to unlock my door and go outside with my clothes unchanged. It was around 10, perhaps.

I went back to bed and started reading again, and after that everything went blurry. I can’t remember when I fell back to sleep. It wasn’t pleasant. I kept trying to wake up, to move, but I was deprived of strength in those dreams. It was past noon when I was finally sure of being awake and could manage not to return to sleep — I’d felt trapped in it. But I didn’t feel like getting up either. I stayed in bed without having had any food or water except for my breakfast. Now I was awake, but the trap was still there. I went on to read and cried when one of the characters was told that he was loveable and that there were people who’d be heartbroken if he was hurt. The tears were cold on the fabric against my face. My fingers were cold, too.

I got up eventually, and there wasn’t anything special that had driven me to, but I got up, not remembering how or why. I got up, made the bed, changed, did the dishes, and went to the loo. My urine was brown, and of course it was. I returned to my room, combed my hair a bit with my hands, had some water, and wiped my face. *I may make myself a cup of tea*, I thought, *and I deserve biscuits.* And now I thought to myself that there wasn’t any moral of the story here. I’d been depressed, I’d stayed in bed for more hours than was healthy, and now I was up with an empty stomach and a ghastly face that looked like death warmed over.

I’ve lost a day’s time. I’ve work to do tomorrow, an exam to take in person this Friday, and a training session to attend at the weekend. School is about to begin, and I’ll soon be making plans. And besides that I’ll make a cup of Earl Grey and treat myself to biscuits. There’s no moral of the story. Instead, it’s just water. I know we’re in the ocean, but it’s nothing more than water, really.
