---
layout: post
title: I
date: 2020-4-6
Author: EthelTowne
categories: 
tags: [雜感],[my writing]
comments: true
--- 

I did not intend it. I had not expected it. But there I was, ending up standing under the nightsky, staring into the void, spellbound and bewitched.

***

My alarm went off after dinner, which, annoyingly, reminded me to get down to ground floor to have my temperature taken. I went out and, through under the bridge, entered T block where the daily body temperature check is conducted. I greeted our lovely staff who smiled and aimed her pyrometer at me. Having finished the routine, I opened the door and walked back out. I was supposed to return to G block, but before that, I happened to shoot a glance at the patio; why I had to do that was beyond me. 

There was a moon in the east, red, full, and solemn. It was from that moment on that I had no longer any power over myself, and I understood it, and embraced it.

I allowed my feet to spontaneously take me to her. The ground underneath felt dear and intimate, while the wind pushed me toward the edge of where I was standing. The outline of the hills was blending into the darkness, and the buildings lined up along the shore but a thin string of blurry city light. And there she was, gazing. I had never felt lonelier, yet nor had I been more at home.

And I knew full well that if she beckoned me to leap, and to fall, and to fly toward her, I would.

But then a piece of cloud moved closer and blocked her radiance, and our bond was disrupted and broken; whether it meant my liberation or her denial, I did not bother to contemplate.

***

The next morning, I stepped onto where I had been standing the previous night, bare-foot. The morning sun was warm and forgiving; the birds were around, and they chorused. But the ground was cold. It felt real and familiar, and I was sure there was a touch of the leftover spell from last night -- she has never left me.

As always, the night overshadows the day.

